Hello everyone, my name is Kent C Dodds,
and I couldn't be more excited to
be back here at Frontend Masters.
I was here, I should have looked, but
I think it's been about four years since
I was here at Frontend Masters
teaching classes and
I'm super excited to be back because now
we have Remix created by Ryan Florence and
Michael Jackson of React Router Fame.
And remix is basically
an evolution of React Router, and
very soon it will be a just Router,
a Remix Router, not just React thing but
JavaScript thing in general.
So really exciting.
I actually got into Remix because
I rebuilt my website in Remix and
I was just blown away by the power and
flexibility and simplicity and
all of the positive adjectives I
can think of to describe Remix.
It was a joy and
I had a problem because I actually also
created testing javascript.com and
epicreact.dev.
And I wanted to just keep working
on these, this was my plan,
was just to keep working on this stuff and
improving it, adding new things and
all this stuff but then I used Remix and
everything changed.
All I want to do is talk about Remix now.
And so, that's what ended up happening,
actually I ended up joining the Remix
team about a year after Ryan and
Michael had released Remix so that I
could just teach Remix all the time.
And so currently, I am the director
of Developer Experience at Remix.
I'm responsible for the website, the docs,
the community on Discord,
the conference that we ran this year.
Really exciting stuff going
on in the remix community.
We open sourced in November,
this last November,
and six months later we had
a conference of over 300 people.
So, it's growing at
an outrageously rapid pace.
And a large part of that is because
Remix is [LAUGH] well, it's amazing,
but it's built on top of React Router,
so people who are using React Router can
iteratively move over to Remix and
get all the the nice awesome benefits.
But yeah, so
that's your little introduction to me,
if you want to go a little deeper,
you can go to my website and I paid far
too much money to get this video put
together introducing myself to you.
And so you can go learn a little bit more
about who I am, but yeah, I just love
teaching people how to build excellent
software, that is my goal in life,
is to make the world a better place by
helping people build quality software.
So, let's talk a little bit about,
what we're gonna do, just to
give you an overview of our day today,
we're doing the fundamentals of Remix.
So, whether you've touched
Remix a little bit or
have never touched Remix at all,
this is the place for you.
And I do expect that you have some
experience with JavaScript and
maybe a little bit with TypeScript,
we are gonna be using TypeScript
throughout this whole thing.
If you haven't ever touched TypeScript
before, then that's a real treat because
you're gonna touch it and you'll be like,
my gosh, I love this thing so much.
So, I can't imagine writing web
applications without TypeScript anymore.
Luckily, Remix actually makes
the TypeScript that you write pretty
lightweight so,
lots of what you look at just kind
of looks like regular JavaScript.
So yeah, a little bit of experience with
JavaScript, a little bit with TypeScript
and a little bit with React, kind of the
prerequisites for being able to take this.
Of course along with that also,
some experience with Node,
being able to run commands in
the terminal, that sort of thing.
And most of this workshop
is focused on exercises, so
we'll have lots of opportunities for
you to actually run through the exercises.
While I give you an intro to Remix, I want
you to be getting the workshop set up.
It shouldn't take a ridiculously
long amount of time but
it will take a little time.
So, The Front End Masters GitHub has
a Remix fundamentals repo and so
if you go to that and
then scroll down here,
make sure that you satisfy the system
requirements and then come down here and
copy this code block for the setup and
then paste that anywhere.
I'm gonna paste that into
a terminal in any directory.
So, I'm gonna go to my desktop directory
and yes, that is a bacon emoji,
it's different every time [LAUGH].
And we're gonna just paste that in, so
that all, get set up on my desktop.
And this will download and
install a whole bunch of stuff and
we'll just leave that running in
the background while I explain Remix.